What is your purpose?
I, oops, this is my good niece
Linmer
They won't exterminate us relatives
He wants to kick us all out of Ling's house
What kind of heart do you have?
Why did you hurt my family?
Sister, I'm your real family
They're demons who can hurt you.
You lied to Chen Shixian to divorce you
Bring down the Lin Group again
Not just to get
Lin's Group's tens of billions of assets?
I was forced by him.
You trust me.
I do it for your own good.
Still arguing
Silence, you must not trust his wife
I don't want a divorce.
It's him, it's him who's going to screen us
Obviously you brought up the divorce
Everyone here can attest
You are obviously deceiving us.
Still arguing here
You take away my sight
What is the purpose
You wake up
Chen Shixian doesn't deserve your love
I will judge for myself whether it is worth it or not
I didn't know you were making decisions for me